Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/roleExists.md

$roleExists[roleID]
```

### Parameters

> - `roleID` `(Type : Snowflake,String || Flag : Emptiable)` :  The "role" which the bot checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `roleID` `(Type: Snowflake, String || Flag: Emptiable)`:  The role to check for.
```
